The pcb-fpw FootPrintWizard is what the name says it will be:
a footprint wizard (a.k.a. footprint generator).

pcb-fpw is not a footprint editor, therefor one can NOT load an existing 
footprint file into pcb-fpw, make some changes and save it back to file, and 
subsequent load the edited footprint file into pcb.


Graphical User Interface (GUI).
-------------------------------

The main, interactive, modus of operating the software is probably with the 
GUI application "pcb-gfpw".

Basically it comes down to the following:
        - Startup the application,
        - fill the needed entries,
        - check the preview widget (when and if this is implemented),
        - save the footprint file.

Subsequent actions to load the footprint file into pcb are described in the 
pcb, xgsch2pcb or gsch2pcb documentation.

The layout of the program consists of five tabs with entry fields and a preview 
drawing area (when and if implemented), and a button bar with five buttons on 
the lower part of the window.

As you start entering the footprint type by selecting from a specified list, 
the program will guess for the prefix of the footprint as the first couple of 
characters of the footprint name.

The program will also try to guess which entries are needed for this footprint 
type and "grey out" the entries and checkbuttons which it thinks are not needed.

The first tab with entries is named "Footprint" and can be used for the input 
of general information about the footprint.

The second tab is named "Pins/Pads" and should be used for the input of  
information about the number and pattern of pins and/or pads, the shape and 
clearances.

The third tab is named "Thermal pad" and can be used for an optional thermal 
pad if the footprint type allows for such an option.

The fourth tab is named "Silkscreen" and can be used for the input of an 
optional silkscreen to be drawn, such as package outline, pin/pad #1 marker 
and/or courtyard.

The fifth and last tab is named "Heel & Toe goals".
This tab is for the input of heel and toe parameters to allow for the creation
of PLCC, SO, QFN or QFP packages.

The five buttons in the lower part will have the following functions:
        - "Close" to exit the application.,
        - "Clear" to empty all entry fields and reset all checkbuttons to the 
          default setting,
        - "Open" to choose and read an existing footprintwizard file,
        - "Save" to write the current values in the entries to a 
          footprintwizard file and to generate a footprint file,
        - "Refresh" to refresh the preview area (when and if implemented).


Command Line Interface (CLI).
-----------------------------

The "other" modus of non-interactive operation is from the command line 
interface.

This assumes for an existing footprintwizard file (or series of files when 
batch processing).

Footprintwizard files are to have a .fpw suffix.

For more information type:

fpw -h

Have fun creating footprints  with pcb-fpw  ;-)


List of supported footprint types:

BGA, CAPC, CAPM, CAPMP, DIOM, DIOMELF, DIP, INDC, INDM, INDP, PGA, PLCC, RESC, 
RESM, RESMELF and TO92.

/* End Of File */
